discover the dinosaurs all over again
with the new exhibit at san diego
convention center the four-day show
which ends on monday a holiday includes
a dino dig a scavenger hunt covering
station and more kids can play on a
blow-up free historic land or they can
check out the animatronic dinosaurs
tickets are 18 bucks for adults said for
kids it's either 15 bucks or 22 bucks
depending on if you want a part of that
exhibit plus hands-on activities
dinosaurs it back to life in San Diego
yeah they're big if you're looking for
something fun to do this weekend
furlough whole family then you should
discover the dinosaurs right yeah NBC
7's matt rascon is live at the
convention center with more on this
prehistoric experience hey Matt good
morning hey good boy it's a great way to
spend your weekend a lot of stuff
happening here not just your at your
ordinary museum or exhibit I just check
out this dinosaur here you actually can
just come over here press this button
and have the dinosaurs move breathe it's
just a lot of great fun for the family
especially the kids and it's going to be
here and tell Monday so all for the
weekend great way to suspend suspend
your time this weekend i have here with
us the show manager of the exhibit
taylor hughes and what what makes us
different from you know any other
exhibitor museum um this is an
interactive dinosaur exhibit it's not
just something you sit in the chair and
you watch it happen in front of you this
you actually get up in it you get to run
around as you can see with that one you
can control some of them even have a
spot where you can ride one that I'll
show you later it's definitely not your
average exhibit so it's a lot of fun
combined with a lot of Education yeah
okay great so a lot of stuff to do here
that here this weekend at the exhibit
and it's going to be here again until
monday and you can bring your family and
friends and spend some time in the
convention center without the convention
center matt rascon NBC 7 fun to do this
weekend especially you should discover
the dinosaurs NBC 7's matt rascon is
live at the convention center with more
on this prehistoric experience well
looks like you got a friend there with
you met I know t-rex you can actually
ride this and I was actually going to
jump on the back of it but apparently
130 pound weight limits so gotta lose a
few pounds before I do that but another
good reason to bring your kids to tier 2
have a good experience also here we got
a Dilophosaurus and a triceratops
other other animals dinosaurs here that
move around and kids can ride on and
rides or just you know a part of it
there's also other parts of the exhibits
you know and that will actually we have
to tailor Hughes here the tell us a
little about that what kind of you know
what can families expect to experience
here I think you see some really cool
things things that you're not going to
see anywhere else huge dinosaurs the
move and roar you'd almost think they
were alive are you sure the kids do you
think they're alive and not only that we
have bounce houses there's gem and
fossil painting the rides like you're
just talking about there's all kinds of
different activities for me doing here
alright great thanks a lot so uh exhibit
here and tell Monday and so a great way
to spend your weekend with the kids the
whole family right here at the
convention center at the convention
center live the convention center matt
rascon NBC 7 we are going to do this
weekend for the whole family then you
should discover the dinosaurs NBC 7's
matt rascon live at the convention
center with more on the prehistoric
experience and even an obstacle course
that you just showed us Matt that's
right yeah we've already showed you the
remote controlled dinosaurs the
dinosaurs you can write on the back now
here's the obstacle course and that
there's still a lot more we have Taylor
home hughes with here with us today uh
what how much fun can people expect to
have when they come here it's something
you can just come and look at the
dinosaurs or you could be here all day
and play on all the attractions we have
so it's something you can do all day if
you want to it yeah all right now we're
actually going to going to run through
this me against Andy over here so we'll
see how this goes go
okay okay I'm wiped out but still a lot
more stuff to do still here at the
convention center I discover the
dinosaurs so come check it out live at
the convention center matt rascon the
c-17 got everybody laughing I think Oh
what matters isn't he lost his earpiece
we can look like one of those jumpy
houses the kids play yeah exactly we got
them going wait time